This sentence is for you to test , you can check if your words is the same as the words in example .
The Norman dynasty had a major political , cultural and military impact on medieval Europe and even the Near East . The Normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their Christian piety , becoming exponents of the Catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated . They adopted the Gallo-Romance language of the Frankish land they settled , their dialect becoming known as Norman , Normaund or Norman French , an important literary language . The Duchy of Normandy , which they formed by treaty with the French crown , was a great fief of medieval France , and under Richard I of Normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure . The Normans are noted both for their culture , such as their unique Romanesque architecture and musical traditions , and for their significant military accomplishments and innovations . Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily under Roger II after conquering southern Italy on the Saracens and Byzantines , and an expedition on behalf of their duke , William the Conqueror , led to the Norman conquest of England at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 . Norman cultural and military influence spread from these new European centres to the Crusader states of the Near East , where their prince Bohemond I founded the Principality of Antioch in the Levant , to Scotland and Wales in Great Britain , to Ireland , and to the coasts of north Africa and the Canary Islands .
In the course of the 10th century , the initially destructive incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France evolved into more permanent encampments that included local women and personal property . The Duchy of Normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and the famed Viking ruler Rollo , and was situated in the former Frankish kingdom of Neustria . The treaty offered Rollo and his men the French lands between the river Epte and the Atlantic coast in exchange for their protection against further Viking incursions . The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy down to the river Seine , but the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine . The territory was roughly equivalent to the old province of Rouen , and reproduced the Roman administrative structure of Gallia Lugdunensis II (part of the former Gallia Lugdunensis) .
The Normans thereafter adopted the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France , and worked them into a functional hierarchical system in both Normandy and in England . The new Norman rulers were culturally and ethnically distinct from the old French aristocracy , most of whom traced their lineage to Franks of the Carolingian dynasty . Most Norman knights remained poor and land-hungry , and by 1066 Normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation . Many Normans of Italy , France and England eventually served as avid Crusaders under the Italo-Norman prince Bohemund I and the Anglo-Norman king Richard the Lion-Heart .
Soon after the Normans began to enter Italy , they entered the Byzantine Empire and then Armenia , fighting against the Pechenegs , the Bulgars , and especially the Seljuk Turks . Norman mercenaries were first encouraged to come to the south by the Lombards to act against the Byzantines , but they soon fought in Byzantine service in Sicily . They were prominent alongside Varangian and Lombard contingents in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038u201340 . There is debate whether the Normans in Greek service actually were from Norman Italy , and it now seems likely only a few came from there . It is also unknown how many of the  " Franks "  , as the Byzantines called them , were Normans and not other Frenchmen .
Some Normans joined Turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the Armenians vassal-states of Sassoun and Taron in far eastern Anatolia . Later , many took up service with the Armenian state further south in Cilicia and the Taurus Mountains . A Norman named Oursel led a force of  " Franks "  into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria . From 1073 to 1074 , 8 ,000 of the 20 ,000 troops of the Armenian general Philaretus Brachamius were Normansu2014formerly of Ourselu2014led by Raimbaud . They even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle: Afranji , meaning  " Franks . "  The known trade between Amalfi and Antioch and between Bari and Tarsus may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans in those cities while Amalfi and Bari were under Norman rule in Italy .
Several families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration , when Byzantine emperors were seeking out western European warriors . The Raoulii were descended from an Italo-Norman named Raoul , the Petraliphae were descended from a Pierre d ' Aulps , and that group of Albanian clans known as the Maniakates were descended from Normans who served under George Maniaces in the Sicilian expedition of 1038 .
A few years after the First Crusade , in 1107 , the Normans under the command of Bohemond , Robert ' s son , landed in Valona and besieged Dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time , but to no avail . Meanwhile , they occupied Petrela , the citadel of Mili at the banks of the river Deabolis , Gllavenica (Ballsh) , Kanina and Jericho . This time , the Albanians sided with the Normans , dissatisfied by the heavy taxes the Byzantines had imposed upon them . With their help , the Normans secured the Arbanon passes and opened their way to Dibra . The lack of supplies , disease and Byzantine resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign and sign a peace treaty with the Byzantines in the city of Deabolis .
The further decline of Byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high Byzantine officials . Some time later , Dyrrachiumu2014one of the most important naval bases of the Adriaticu2014fell again to Byzantine hands .
The Normans were in contact with England from an early date . Not only were their original Viking brethren still ravaging the English coasts , they occupied most of the important ports opposite England across the English Channel . This relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of Emma , sister of Duke Richard II of Normandy , and King Ethelred II of England . Because of this , Ethelred fled to Normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by Sweyn Forkbeard . His stay in Normandy (until 1016) influenced him and his sons by Emma , who stayed in Normandy after Cnut the Great ' s conquest of the isle .
In what country is Normandy located ?
When were the Normans in Normandy ?
From which countries did the Norse originate ?
Who was the Norse leader ?
What century did the Normans first gain their separate identity ?
Who gave their name to Normandy in the 1000 ' s and 1100 ' s
What is France a region of ?
Who did King Charles III swear fealty to ?
When did the Frankish identity emerge ?
Who was the duke in the battle of Hastings ?
Who ruled the duchy of Normandy
What religion were the Normans
What type of major impact did the Norman dynasty have on modern Europe ?
Who was famed for their Christian spirit ?
What principality did William the conquerer found ?
What is the original meaning of the word Norman ?